Error model (#4)
svalinn/model_development_workflow: ErrorBlocks.md

# Assembly of Blocks with Errors

#### Procedure Overview

>   1. Save [ErrorBlocks.SLDASM](ErrorBlocks.SLDASM) and convert to ACIS format or directly save and open [ErrorBlocks.SAT](ErrorBlocks.SAT).

Reviewer: I'm not sure the files `ErrorBlocks.SLDASM` and `ErrorBlocks.SAT` are present in this PR. Are they supposed to be linked?

  2. Fix mistakes within the model using ANSYS SpaceClaim.
  3. Import file into Trelis/Cubit and inspect model for any import issues.
  4. Create the graveyard volume (void optional for understanding).

>   5. Finish part in Cubit/Trelis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Finish model in Cubit/Trelis.

```

Reviewer 2: Good idea for terminology here. I think I suggest "geometry" in a few places, but "model" makes more sense overall.

     * Imprint and Merge volumes
     * Assign materials
     * Export file to .h5m

#### Goals of Example

  * Execute the workflow with a model that has geometric issues to be resolved in SpaceClaim.
  * Work through important processes on an example that is easy to visualize and understand.
  * Provide a general understanding of what issues could arise on more complex models.

## Procedure

### In Initial CAD program

_Any CAD engine should work for this process as long as it can export to a format importable by SpaceClaim or Cubit/Trelis._

>   1. Download the part titled "ErrorBlocks.sw" from this page and open in Solidworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Download the "ErrorBlocks.sw" file from this page and open in Solidworks.

```
Is the ErrorBlocks.sw file linked in this page?

  2. Export the assembly/part to ACIS format (.sat file extension)
     * ACIS format 22 is preferred (default for Solidworks)
     * Use save or export feature and select ACIS (.sat) format

![ErrorBlocksOverviewWide](https://github.com/NybergWISC/model_development_workflow/blob/master/PicturesSnapshots/ErrorBlocks/ErrorBlocksOverviewWide.JPG)

<details><summary> Notes </summary><p>
- The preferred format is ACIS (.sat). Note that multiple file types could be used, but there is anecdotal evidence that suggests .sat files work the best for this process. Otherwise formats such as STEP and STL are also able to be imported to Trelis/Cubit.
<br/>
- This step is unnecessary unless you want to explore the model in Solidworks or learn how to save file as .sat.
<br/>

> - To skip this step download the ACIS file titled "ErrorBlocks.sat" and move onto ANSYS SpaceClaim section.

Reviewer: Is there an `ErrorBlocks.sat` file linked?

</p>
</details>

### In ANSYS SpaceClaim
_SpaceClaim is useful for cleaning models that have basic issues such as small gaps, overlaps, edge contacts, and unnecessary geometric detail. More general SpaceClaim tutorials/support can be found_ [here](http://www.spaceclaim.com/en/Support/Tutorials/Essentials.aspx).

>   1. Open ErrorBlocks.sat by clicking file, open, and then sorting by .sat type files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Open ErrorBlocks.sat by going to __File -> Open__ and then sorting by .sat type files.

```

Reviewer 2: formatting suggestion change that is more consistent with the rest of the document formatting.

>   2. Identify all basic issues which exist within the model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Identify all basic issues which exist within the model:

```

      * Visually:
        - Find one example of each basic issue as described below. All four are relatively conspicuous and easy to find visually.
      * With SpaceClaim tools:
        - To identify gaps navigate from __Prepare -> Clearance -> Detect__. In this case to find the gap enter a maximum distance of `1cm` in the Find Options box. The gap will be highlighted in red.

>         - To identify interference navigate from  __Prepare -> Interference -> Remove.__ There are technically two volumes of interference and both will be highlighted in red.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - To identify overlaps navigate from  __Prepare -> Interference -> Remove.__ There are technically two volumes of interference and both will be highlighted in red.

```
If I understand correctly, "interference" is "overlaps" in this context correct? Suggestion is for consistent wording.

        - The __Imprint__ tool highlights any coincident edges or faces within the part and can make it easier to find edge contacts as well as overlaps. This tool can be found by going __Prepare -> Analysis -> Imprint__.

>         - There are no built-in tools in SpaceClaim to generally identify unnecessary details.

Reviewer 2: Could all of this be added to the table below? Some of the information in the "fix the issues" step seems more relevant to identifying the issues such as the description of the issue and the picture example. I am thinking these for the headers in the table (just the addition of one column): Type of Issue, Description, How to Identify, Procedure to Fix, Picture Example.

Reviewer 2: This might mean rearranging or changing the wording with what you have for each step in this section.

Author: My thought was that this would be a little too intimidating and it would be easier to follow if those sections were broken up. Also markdown shrinks the image a lot when there are a large number of columns which lead me to use less.

Do you think it would be better to do a separate table for this section with columns: Type of Issue, Description of Issue, SpaceClaim tool (possibly another picture column as well)?

Reviewer 2: I think the more important piece here is that you should introduce an example of what the issues are (description with picture) before you introduce how to detect it and fix it. Right now you kind of have it flipped. Adding it to the table is one way I see it being fixed, but you could do it a different way if you think the formatting of the table would be too difficult.

>   <details><p><summary>Descriptions of Basic Issues </summary>

Reviewer 2: This appears as a hidden section that the user will have to click on to view. I recommend making this section always visible as it seems like fairly important information.

>   Gaps: when particles encounter gaps they may lose track of which volume they are in and be lost. In this model there is one obvious gap, but for real models gaps are only an issue when the gap is around 10^-6 units (cm). In many cases small gaps can also be fixed by the imprint/merge step in Trelis/Cubit This gap is made larger in this example so that it can be found visually as well as with the SpaceClaim tool.

Reviewer 2: Formatting recommendation: bold "Gaps:" and the similar names of issues in the rest of the lines here.

Reviewer: I agree

  <br/><br/>
  Overlaps: when particles encounter overlaps between two volumes they may not be able to determine which volume they are in and be lost. There is one volume that is obviously overlapping with other volumes.
  <br/><br/>

>   Edge contacts: there is a possibility that when two volumes are only in contact on a single edge it can cause an issue with surface definitions. There is one example of an edge contact in this model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Coincident Edges: there is a possibility that when two volumes are only in contact on a single edge it can cause an issue with surface definitions. There is one example of an edge contact in this model.

```
suggestion for consistency with terminology

  <br/><br/>

>   Unnecessary Detail: all details in the CAD model are included in the meshing process and in the final analysis and small details can greatly increase the amount of computation necessary. The physical threads included in this model are one example. This issue is a problem of optimization and depends on the computing power available as well as the level of detail necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Unnecessary Detail: all details in the CAD model are included in the meshing process and in the final analysis. Fine geometric details can be computationally expensive. The threads included in this example model are one example of unnecessary detail. In other models, whether fine geometric detail is considered unnecessary or not depends on the desired level of detail in the simulation and the computational resources available.

```

  </p></details>
<br/>

  3. Fix the basic issues with the tools available in SpaceClaim.

> | __Type of Issue__  | Description  | Procedure to fix  | Picture Example |

Reviewer 2: In all of the "Procedure to fix" sections here, I would suggest following the formatting you use in other sections to indicate when a user should click on a button or go to a menu (you use a bold format with an arrow). I didn't identify all the places here where that should be updated.

| __Overlaps:__  | The "Interference" tool gives the option to subtract an interfering/overlapping region from one of the two bodies.  | - The choice of which to volume to subtract from may be important based on the materials of each volume so be sure to note which component it subtracts from. <br/></br> - SpaceClaim automatically selects the larger component as the one to subtract from. To switch to the other volume simply check the box labeled "Subtract from smaller body" located in Fix Options.  | ![InterferenceTool](https://github.com/NybergWISC/model_development_workflow/blob/master/PicturesSnapshots/ErrorBlocks/InterferenceTool.JPG "InterferenceTool") |

> | __Edge contacts:__   | There are two main ways to resolve edge contacts, the first is to create a wider edge so that there is a common surface, the second is to cut out the edge so that there is are no shared features between the two components. This is dependent on the nature of the model and the analysis.  | - Go to the design tab, sketch section, and select the line option. Create a rectangle that is perpendicular to the edge contact and shares an edge with the top edge of the face that contains the edge contact. <br/></br> - Select the rectangle using the "Select" tool and then click "Pull". </br></br> 1. To create a gap select "Cut" from the "Options-Pull" toolbar and then either drag the cut to the bottom of the component, use the "Up To" option and select the bottom face, or use the "Ruler" option and make the pull 100cm. <br/></br> 2. To create a wider edge select "Add" and -similarly to cutting- either drag the cut to the bottom of the component, use the "Up To" option and select the bottom face, or use the "Ruler" option and make the pull 100cm. This method will create interference between the new volume and old which can be resolved using the "Interference" tool.  | ![RectangleEdgeContact](https://github.com/NybergWISC/model_development_workflow/blob/master/PicturesSnapshots/ErrorBlocks/RectangleEdgeContact2.JPG "RectangleEdgeContact") |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| __Coincident Edges:__   | There are two main ways to resolve edge contacts, the first is to create a wider edge so that there is a common surface, the second is to cut out the edge so that there is are no shared features between the two components. This is dependent on the nature of the model and the analysis.  | - Go to the design tab, sketch section, and select the line option. Create a rectangle that is perpendicular to the edge contact and shares an edge with the top edge of the face that contains the edge contact. <br/></br> - Select the rectangle using the "Select" tool and then click "Pull". </br></br> 1. To create a gap select "Cut" from the "Options-Pull" toolbar and then either drag the cut to the bottom of the component, use the "Up To" option and select the bottom face, or use the "Ruler" option and make the pull 100cm. <br/></br> 2. To create a wider edge select "Add" and -similarly to cutting- either drag the cut to the bottom of the component, use the "Up To" option and select the bottom face, or use the "Ruler" option and make the pull 100cm. This method will create interference between the new volume and old which can be resolved using the "Interference" tool.  | ![RectangleEdgeContact](https://github.com/NybergWISC/model_development_workflow/blob/master/PicturesSnapshots/ErrorBlocks/RectangleEdgeContact2.JPG "RectangleEdgeContact") |

```

Reviewer 2: suggestion for changing section name to "Coincident Edges" instead

| __Unnecessary details:__   |  In this particular case the physical threads are an unnecessary detail as they will cause a significant amount of computational load, but have very little effect on the final results. Which details are important to keep and which to delete is dependent on the nature of the model and the analysis.    | - This step can be completed in any CAD program and is more of a general suggestion to be considered continuously during the design phase. <br/></br> - In SpaceClaim one can use a circular pull to flatten the threads off in a similar way to fixing an edge contact. | ![ScrewedUpDetails](https://github.com/NybergWISC/model_development_workflow/blob/master/PicturesSnapshots/ErrorBlocks/DetailCloseUp.JPG "ScrewedUpDetails") |

<details><p><summary>Notes</summary>
- Most often in real models unnecessary details must be determined intuitively and visually while overlaps, edge contacts, and small gaps cannot be found visually.
<br/></br>
- For all of these edits one must work closely with the creator of the model/experiment to determine which complications are important to the end result and which are able to be changed.
</p></details>

### In Cubit/Trelis

> _Cubit is a simulation software with CAD capabilities and Trelis is the commercially available version. It is used in this workflow to assign materials to volumes and export the model to the DAGMC .h5m format. Cubit has both a GUI and a command line interface. Nearly all commands can be run through either one._

Reviewer 2: Ia Cubit considered a simulation software? I am not sure that's a correct description (I could be wrong on this).

Reviewer: I have the same question

Author: I originally had CAD software, but that wasn't necessarily correct either. Would "meshing software" or "simulation pre-processing software" be better?

The description given on the website is: "Coreform Trelis is a high-end, commercial-grade pre-processor for complex FEA and CFD simulation".

Reviewer 2: It's used for simulation pre-processing, but it doesn't actually do the simulation. Another suggestion, combining your ideas, is "meshing pre-processing software".

@gonuke - thoughts?

| Steps  | Graphic User Interface  | In Command Line  |
|---|---|---|
| __Import the .sat file into Trelis/Cubit__  | - Can be imported using the GUI with __File -> Import__. <br/></br> - Select the file through file explorer and open. <br/></br> - One important qualifier to include is `[attributes_on]`. | - In the command line the simple form of the command is `import acis [filepath]` <br/></br> - This command can be appended with further commands that can be found by typing `help import acis`. <br/></br> - These qualifiers correspond with the options given when importing files through the GUI. <br/></br> - One important qualifier to include is `[attributes_on]`.  |

> | __How to save progress for the file as ACIS__  | - Click on file, export, and select the file destination and name. <br/></br> - Make sure that it is being exported as ACIS (.sat) and press ok to save.  | - In command line type `export acis [filepath] overwrite`.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| __How to save progress for the file as ACIS__  | - Click on __File -> Export__ and select the file destination and name. <br/></br> - Make sure that it is being exported as ACIS (.sat) and press ok to save.  | - In command line type `export acis [filepath] overwrite`.  |

```
formatting consistency suggestion

| __Inspect models and resolve overlapping volumes__ | - On the Command Panel click on __Geometry (leftmost option) -> Volume -> Modify -> Heal (from dropdown menu) -> check Autoheal -> Apply__ <br/></br> - There are many options within the modify dropdown menu, but none are as robust as SpaceClaim|- In command line one can fix overlaps by typing `validate vol all` and then `healer autoheal [problem vols]`. <br/></br> - This should work to detect overlaps, but is not as robust as SpaceClaim. |

<details><p><summary>Notes</summary>

> - A more general DAGMC based tutorial for Cubit/Trelis basics can be found at https://svalinn.github.io/DAGMC/usersguide/trelis_basics.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A more general Cubit/Trelis tutorial for the DAGMC basics can be found on the [DAGMC website](https://svalinn.github.io/DAGMC/usersguide/trelis_basics.html).

```

<br/></br>

> - "Command Panel" and "Command Line" are necessary for GUI and command line methods respectively. To enable these select View and switch "Command Line" and/or "Command Panel" to visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Command Panel" and "Command Line" are necessary for GUI and command line methods respectively. To enable these select __View__ and switch __Command Line__ and/or __Command Panel__ to visible.

```

<br/></br>
- Scale will most likely be off by a factor of 10. For example models from Solidworks will most likely be increased by 10x or 100cm to 1000 units, but this scaling changes based on the initial CAD program. You must scale every entity down or up by that factor to match units to cm.
</p></details>

> #### Creation of Void/Vacuum Volume and Graveyard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Creation of the Graveyard and Implicit Complement

```
We should only be referring to the implicit complement as the implicit complement. It is not necessarily void or vacuum.

> _A method (implicit compliment) is implemented automatically during a DAG-MCNP5 run that creates a void volume in all spaces without geometry. This means that while one could explicitly create void volumes, it is often not necessary._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_The implicit complement refers to the region of space that is not otherwise defined by the CAD model. A common example of this would be the air surrounding parts of a machine. By default, this volume is assumed to be a vacuum. The implicit complement is automatically generated during the initialization of a DAGMC geometry when using DAG-MCNP. This means that while one could explicitly create the implicit complement volume, it is often not necessary._

```
My change here is to provide a more accurate and detailed description of the implicit complement.
You should include a link here to the Svalinn website for DAG-MCNP5 as well.

Reviewer 2: A separate question: is the automatic generation of the implicit complement specific to only DAG-MCNP? Or does this apply to all physics codes we support with DAGMC? @gonuke

<br/></br>

> _The vacuum and graveyard volumes are not part of the model being analyzed, but play a role in the final analysis. When particles move freely through the vacuum volume and stop once they reach the graveyard volume._

Reviewer 2: This note here assumes the implicit complement is always vacuum, which it is not. I am also not entirely sure on the first sentence and the point you are trying to make with it?

> _The vacuum and graveyard volumes are not part of the model being analyzed, but play a role in the final analysis. When particles move freely through the vacuum volume and stop once they reach the graveyard volume._

Reviewer 2: Before this note, there should be a note that defines what the graveyard is and how it is used. Let me know if you have questions on what that is.

| Steps  | In Graphic User Interface  | In Command Line  |
|---|---|---|
| __Create a cube large enough to envelop all other volumes.__  | - Select __Geometry -> Volume -> Create__ and select __Brick__ from the drop down menu. <br/></br> - Type 500 in each dimension box __(width, height, depth)__ and press __Apply__ to create the block.  | - The general form is `create [shape] [dimensions based on shape]`. </br> - For a simple cube 500x500x500 you can enter `create brick x 500`.  |
| __Create another slightly larger cube to be used for graveyard.__  | - In command panel create another brick in the same way as part 1, using 750 as the new dimension in each dimension box.  | - Enter `create brick x 750`  |
| __Center volumes within the larger cubes.__  | To move the blocks in command panel select __Geometry -> Volume -> Transform__ and select __Move__ from the drop down menu. <br/></br> - Type "5 6" into the __Volume ID(s)__ box. Then __Select Method -> Distance__ and type 100 into the __X Distance__ box. _This distance/direction may vary._  | - General form is `move vol [volume ids] [axis] [distance along axis]` <br/></br> - Enter `move vol 5 6 x 100`.  |

> | __Hollow out large cubes to match functionality.__  | - Select __Geometry -> Volume -> Boolean__ and select __Subtract__ from the dropdown menu. <br/></br> - Select volume 6 as volume A and volume 5 as volume B. Check __Keep Originals__ and click __Apply__. <br/></br> - You can then delete volume 6 by selecting __Geometry -> Volume -> Delete__ and typing 6 into the __Volume ID(s)__ box and clicking apply. <br/></br> - Select __Geometry -> Volume -> Boolean__ and select __Subtract__ from the dropdown menu. Select volume 5 as volume A and volumes 1,2,3, and 4 as volume B. Again make sure to check __Keep Originals__ and click __Apply__. <br/></br> - Then use the delete action to delete volume 5.  | - Enter `subtract vol 5 from 6 keep` <br/></br> - Enter `delete vol 6` to get rid of the original large box. <br/></br> - Enter `subtract vol 1 2 3 4 from 5 keep` or `subtract vol 1 to 4 from 5 keep`. <br/></br> - Enter `delete vol 5`. |

Reviewer 2: In the interest of user friendly methods, I would suggest these be the steps to follow in this table:

1. Create inner graveyard surface*
2. Center the inner graveyard surface around the geometry**
3. Create outer graveyard surface.***
4. Combine inner and outer graveyard surfaces to generate a single volume****

Further comments on why I suggest these as the steps and also suggestions on how to change the instructions:
* In Trelis/Cubit you can actually just create a "bounding box" rather than a normal brick. This might automatically center the box around the geometry (eliminating step 2) AND will automatically create a box large enough.
** I suggest centering the first cube before creating the second cube because it is easier to create a second cube from the first rather than try to properly move two cubes. 
*** I believe there is a way to just create a new volume from an existing volume while telling it to scale by a certain factor. This can be easily used to generate an outer surface box that is say 10% larger than the inner surface. I don't know what the exact buttons are to click to do this, but it is found in the create geometry section I believe.
**** This step is basically what you have as your "hallow out large cube" step. However, there are really two different paths one could decide to take here. The first is to just do the subtraction and ignore the "keep originals" option. By not keeping the originals, there is no explicit definition of the implicit complement. The second path one could take is using the option for "Keep Originals" which explicitly defines the implicit complement as a volume. One could do "keep originals" to check that they did things correctly and then later delete the volume if they don't want it. I think it is very important to describe in this step that the intention with "keep originals" is to explicitly define the implicit complement.

Then you can also add a column that is called the "Description" to describe what this step is doing which seems to be more what your current steps are:
1. Create a cube large enough to enclose all the volumes of the geometry.
2. Center the cube so that all other volumes are contained within the bounds of the graveyard cube.
3. Create the outer surface of the graveyard.
4. Subtract the inner surface volume from the outer to create a single graveyard volume.

Also, it is important to note (probably add to your "Note" section below) is that the volume IDs are specific to this example if all the steps are followed exactly. One should double check what their volume IDs are just in case they are different.

Reviewer 2: Also (sorry, a lot of comments on this section): Can you create screen capture images of each of these steps? So the user can see what each of these volumes are that are being created.

Reviewer 3: FYI... Step 3 in the first list should be "outer" not "inner"

Reviewer 2: oops- yes- fixed

<details><p><summary>Notes</summary>

> - These volumes could also be created in another CAD program and then assigned a material in the exact same way, but this is an example of how to create these volumes in Trelis and Cubit.

Reviewer 2: This note about "assigning materials in the exact same way" is coming before any discussion of the material assignments

#### Imprinting and Merging Volumes in Cubit/Trelis
_Imprinting and Merging surfaces accelerates the DAGMC process by combining surfaces._

  1. Imprint and Merge all shared surfaces in the model.
     * In command panel select __Geometry -> Volume -> Imprint Merge__ and select __Imprint and Merge__ from the dropdown menu. Then type "all" into the __Volume ID(s)__ box and click __Apply__.
     * In command line type `imprint volume all` and then enter. Then type `merge volume all`.
     * _Now all surfaces that previously overlapped have been merged into one surface shared by both volumes._

<details><p><summary>Notes</summary>
- The default tolerated distance for imprinting/merging surfaces is 5.0e-4 units.
<br/>
- Combining surfaces cuts two surfaces and two sets of tetrahedron mesh areas down to one, decreasing computational power required as well as eliminating possible errors where particles exist simultaneously in two surfaces.
</p></details>

#### Assigning Materials in Cubit/Trelis
_Most commands for this section are best implemented through the command line. More general instructions can
be found_ [here](http://svalinn.github.io/DAGMC/usersguide/codes/dag-mcnp.html).

>   1. The general command for assigning Materials/Densities in Cubit/Trelis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. The general command for assigning materials and densities in Cubit or Trelis

```

>   `group "mat:[assigned material number]/rho:[assigned density]" add

Reviewer: Maybe you can indent this line (to make it more like a list) for readability purpose

Reviewer 2: This looks indented in the rendered markdown version

  vol [volume numbers]` where the density is in [atoms/barn-cm] for positive values and [g/cc] for negative values.

>   2. The blocks will be given two different materials and then the void and the graveyard volumes will be assigned. These material assignments will depend on the material library you create/use for the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. The blocks will be given two different materials and then the implicit complement and the graveyard volumes will be assigned. These material assignments will depend on the material library you create/use for the project.

```

     * To assign one block to the first material use `group "mat:1/rho:0.0223" add vol 1`

>      * To assign the rest of the blocks to the second material use `group "mat:2/rho:0.03" add vol 2 to 4`

Reviewer 2: maybe note that the "vol 2 to 4" will add vols 1, 2, and 3?

>      * To assign the void volume to vacuum use `group "mat:Vacuum" add vol 5`

Reviewer 2: See my general review comment about how this tutorial should handle the implicit complement and assign a material

>      * Finally to assign the graveyard volume use `group "mat:Graveyard" add vol 6`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * To assign one block to the first material use: `group "mat:1/rho:0.0223" add vol 1`
     * To assign the rest of the blocks to the second material use: `group "mat:2/rho:0.03" add vol 2 to 4`
     * To assign the void volume to vacuum use: `group "mat:Vacuum" add vol 5`
     * Finally to assign the graveyard volume use: `group "mat:Graveyard" add vol 6`

```
This is just one suggestion for better readability.

> #### Exporting file to .h5m format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Exporting the model to .h5m format

```

> _This plugin translates the CAD file to something that can be used by DAGMC. Instructions as to how to install this plugin can be found_ [here](https://svalinn.github.io/DAGMC/install/plugin.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_The DAGMC Trelis plugin converts the CAD model into a faceted model that can be used for DAGMC particle tracking. Instructions as to how to install this plugin can be found_ [here](https://svalinn.github.io/DAGMC/install/plugin.html).

```

Reviewer 2: The plugin should be checked that it's properly installed at the very beginning of this tutorial. If it's not, the program has to be closed and restarted which would be a pain for the user at this point.

>   1. Once the plugin is correctly installed you should receive the message `Loaded Svalinn plugin`, line break, `DAGMC export command available` in the command line.

Reviewer 2: you don't need to specify that there's a line break in the message

  2. Once all issues are resolved in the model, export the file as .h5m, this command must be executed through the command line.
     * The general form of the export command is `export dagmc "<filename>" [options]`. To see the options available enter `help export dagmc` into the command line.
     * The filename should include the filepath after the working directory so that it designates where the file ought to be saved after export.

>      * For this part `export dagmc "Desktop/ErrorBlocks.h5m"` will create the part as a .h5m with default settings in the Desktop.

Reviewer 2: To be safe, this should specify absolute path. I think it assumes relative path wrt where Trelis was launched from, so it can be easy to lose track of the file after exporting.
